Hey, everyone, and welcome back.
So we are going to get into actually animating this a bit more, applying things like physics to it.
One thing I just want to stress is when you're working with animations like this, they are time consuming.
I mean, you can spend hours and hours perfecting these types of things and you need to really gauge
whether that's worth it for you.
This like may not be worth it for a version one of your product, but it's really cool once you actually
have something like this.
So be very mindful of your time in relation to what you're doing.
Like you can create crazy quick animations doing something like this.
You can go ahead and create some very simple animations that don't take much time.
Like if you want to show like a slider or like a loader, like you can easily show like a loader going
from 0 to 100%, creating something like in fake motion.
And it wouldn't take you that much time in comparison to like making like pouncing balls and other more
complex animations.
So just keep that in mind when you are trying to figure out what you want to build in terms of an animation
and just take into account the time it's going to take.
You don't want to go down that rabbit hole and not actually deliver anything.
Let's jump right in.
So I have my notification bubble over here selected.
I'm going to go into fig motion.
There it is.
So I think we have some pretty good timing right now.
So it's going to jump up and down.
Now what we can do is we can keep on like.
We can make this animation a bit shorter now.
Let's just see how that looks.
Start from zero.
I like it.
And then when it comes back down, it's going to just stop at like nine.
Let's just drag that over.
So that pause at the top was a little awkward.
Okay.
We can even bring in drop just a bit more.
So we have our basic draw up here.
Now, what I want to do is we're going to have to work with like just width and height as well.
Best way to do this.
So if we were to start at, say, like one.
And before we get there with our width, maybe we'll.
So let's see what that looks like.
So we probably so 17 is our normal width.
Okay.
So we can.
This is my only gripe with big motion is like I can drag multiple key frames and it's such a pain to
actually get that to work properly.
So this can be at 17 and this will not be a linear.
We'll just do ease in and out.
Let's see what happens.
So it's going to boom.
So I wanted to.
Let me see what's going on.
So it's going to go to 17.
So this is obviously like you just need to figure out what's going to work for you.
Okay.
So.
Her height needs to be different as well.
We will drop down to 15.
I think that's fine.
So 15.
And then when it's going up.
We are going to hit another key frame here.
So it's going to show you how to get this started.
So for our height, we are probably going to.
So is that 17 now we can kind of just go to like maybe 18.
So it's like a gradual thing.
So boom, you see how that starts to come together.
Boom.
So a squish.
So that squishes a little too much over there.
So.
Squish.
And really that's where we're going to start seeing some more change so we can bring things in a little
bit more.
And that looks pretty nice.
And like right when we get to that top, what we want to do is actually.
So let me just change that.
And what we want to do is when we get to this top portion, we want our width and our our height to
just return back to normal.
So we're at 17 here.
I think we were at 17 here as well.
So that's good.
We can actually drag that.
That's just going to stay there.
We want our height to go back to normal.
So we're going to go back to 17.
We want to make that easy in and out.
So we're going to be like, boom!
And then drop.
And when we drop that's when we, we go back to squishing it a bit.
So.
Look at that.
That looks actually really cool.
So let's go ahead and do that again.
So when we get to the top.
We're going to do.
So that's when the drop happens.
Right there.
So I'm just going to set this keyframe over here.
I'm going to set this height keyframe.
So it's just going to persist at 17 across these blue lines.
So the ball is staying normal.
Now, what's going to happen is so actually, let's just put it over around here.
So it matches when that drop is going to start happening and then.
We can start messing with the height.
Now the height is going to stretch again.
So it's going to.
And when it hits there, it's going to shrink.
So let's do it.
An easy in and out.
Sorry.
This is where it should probably be so.
Do you see how it gradually picks up speed from the top as it's going downward?
So it's picking up speed.
We can even, like, if we wanted to, we can even make it skinnier.
Uh.
Let's do.
In and out.
Beautiful.
So it's going to shrink.
And then when it gets to there, it's going to be kind of instantaneous.
You know, at the top when we got to the top, we gradually got from like something that was more skinnier
to something that was much more normal over here.
So would we get we went from 17.
What do we have over here?
So we're at 18 in height.
Like we could have even went 19 in height.
So take a look.
Perfect.
So when we're out there, we can just go to the top.
And once we hit that bottom, I want to start to actually assign to actually.
So I'm just going to boom, boom.
So those are going to stay stagnant and we're going to hit that bottom really hard.
And let's see what it looks like.
So we're going to go back to 17.
17.
You know, just so it's a little smoother.
And let's see what that looks like.
So one thing you're noticing that is missing is when we do get here, our width should actually be like
15.
Oh no.
Sorry.
Ah.
With Shin be 15.
With should be something like 19.
Oh.
So it's squished and the height should be something like 15.
So this is just basically kind of getting you started.
You can tell that I'm going to leave this animation for everyone and you can just see that jump.
Let's see.
Squish.
Losing momentum.
And everything going back to normal.
Hold briefly then everything gaining momentum and then spiraling downwards really quickly, much more
faster than it went upwards.
And when it hits the ground, squish.
So you can just kind of copy this and gradually go lower.
You don't have to.
What you can do now is you can just kind of hold this and kind of loop a gif together.
What I would do next is you can either export it as CSS or a JSON file.
What I usually do is I go and I click render and you can choose whatever format you can choose GIF and
the frame rate and enable the loop.
And you can set any transparency color if you want.
If I have my frame with no transparency and then once you render it, it will actually take some time
to render in the background.
There's a little percentage and it'll give you an actual link where you can go and download it.
So that's it for how to use fake motion.
I mean, you can make some really awesome animations, as you can see.
Here's our render just plain out really nicely.
And once you get that gif, all you have to do is drag and drop that right into your file and you have
a gif that you can use.
Put it inside a frame and you can use it as an overlay if you need to for CART and anything else.
So that's how you make an easy animation within FIG motion.